Unreliable: 

College Students Threatened by Cops for Handing Out U.S. Constitutions

Both butter and ghee contain almost 100% of calories from fat. 
Ghee is more concentrated than butter. Gram for gram, it provides slightly more butyric acid and other short-chain saturated fats. Studies suggest that these fats can reduce inflammation, promote gut health, and inhibit cancer growth. 
Ghee is also higher in conjugated linoleic acid, a polyunsaturated fat that may help increase fat loss. 
Ghee is completely free of the milk sugar lactose and the milk protein casein, whereas butter contains small amounts of each. Ghee is a great alternative for those who have allergies or sensitivities to these dairy components. 
Heating ghee produces a lot less of the toxic compound acrylamide than heating vegetable and seed oils. Ghee also has a very high smoke point. At 485 F, its smoke point is much higher than that of butter’s which is 350 F. 
Heart Health 
A number of studies suggest that consuming ghee can lead to favorable changes in heart health . 
In one study , ghee was revealed to increase good cholesterol (HDL) and reduce the formation of fatty deposits in the arteries. It also increased fasting blood sugar levels. 
A controlled study found that ghee was the fat source responsible for the greatest increase in ApoA, a protein in HDL particles that is linked to a reduced risk of heart disease. 
It is important to distinguish between ghee made from dairy and ghee made from vegetable oil. 
Vegetable ghee contains 14-40% trans fats, and the rising consumption of vegetable ghee may be contributing to rising heart disease rates among Indians and Pakistanis. 
Cancer 
Several studies comparing ghee to soybean oil suggest that ghee may reduce the risk of certain cancers, including breast cancer. 
Potential Health Issues? 
Results of controlled studies show that ghee doesn’t seem to affect bad cholesterol (LDL) levels, yet people’s responses to saturated fat intake are highly variable. 
People whose LDL cholesterol levels tend to increase in response to high saturated fat intake may want to limit their ghee or butter intake to one or two tablespoons per day. 
Another concern about ghee is that during production at high heat, its cholesterol may become oxidized. Oxidized cholesterol is linked to an increased risk of several diseases, including heart disease. 
As more research is done, we will begin to learn more about the various health benefits and side effects of ghee. 

 
Reliable: 

A   student allegedly hoaxed a Twitter threat from a social media account that she claimed was the Ku Klux Klan (KKK). [The teenager has been charged by the Anne Arundel County Police Department with a juvenile citation after she allegedly tweeted out “We’re planning to attack tomorrow” from a Twitter account police say she created, named “@KoolkidsKlanKkk,” according to CBS Baltimore.  Anne Arundel police said they worked with Twitter to find the identity of the individual who sent out the threatening message, ultimately leading them to the      student. Police officials have interviewed the teenager, saying she admitted to creating the Twitter account and sending the threatening message. After being charged by police with a juvenile citation for allegedly disrupting school activities, the teenager was released to her parents. “I kind of felt unsafe at the school and a little hurt,” Arundel High School Freshman Taylor Nash told CBS Baltimore. Anne Arundel County Public Schools Superintendent George Arlotto said he was thankful police were able to identify the teenager who allegedly made the threat and Twitter account. “I want to thank Police Chief Tim Altomare, State’s Attorney Wes Adams, County Executive Steve Schuh, and their staffs for their thorough and expeditious work to identify a suspect in the online post that threatened violence at Arundel High School this week,” Arlotto said in the statement. “The anonymity of the internet provides a murky and complex disguise for many who want to threaten the safety and security of our communities. ” “Our partners in the Police Department and county government peeled back that disguise quickly in this case, in the process reassuring parents, students, and staff that our schools are safe places in which to educate our children,” Arlotto continued. John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.

Stores were closed, thousands of police were deployed and some residents were to be temporarily evicted from their homes, amid unprecedented security arrangements for US President Donald Trump’s walk through the Old City of Jerusalem on Monday afternoon. [Trump, due to arrive in Israel Monday for a   visit, is set to walk some 350 meters from Jaffa Gate to the Church of the Holy Sepulchre for a visit at 3:00 p. m. Monday. Stores along his route were closed from Monday morning and police said that some homes would be taken over by police to ensure the president’s security. The police didn’t say how many stores or homes would be affected.  There is no vehicular access to the church, so dignitaries usually travel through New Gate to reach the closest possible point to the site. However, the presidential limousine is too large to negotiate the alleyways of the Old City, so Trump and his retinue will drive into the area through the large Jaffa Gate, and then proceed on foot from there. Read more here.

Disha
disha123#